README.md, before:

######Shoe Stores

####Shoe Stores MySQL Database App, 3/4/2016

#### By Adam Ross Russell

## Description

This allows you to find stores and brands of shoes. You can add brands to stores, and add stores to brands.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Sign in to Github, search for adamrr724
* Find repository shoe_stores
* Fork and Zip/Clone repository
* Open the directory in the terminal
* Run a composer update
* Open the web folder, and starts the localhost:8000 application by typing "php -S localhost:8000"
* Open MYSQL Apache by starting MAMP, writing /Applications/MAMP/Library/bin/mysql --host=localhost -uroot -proot in the terminal, and then going to localhost:8888 in your browser.
* Go to the Import tab, choose the file for shoes.sql in the shoe_stores folder, and press go.
* Open browser and input localhost:8000
* Use the application

## Known Bugs

No known bugs.


## Support and contact details

Please contact adamrr724@yahoo.com with any technical difficulties.

## Technologies Used

This webpage uses:

php
TWIG
Symphony
Composer
HTML
materialize
PHPUnit
Silex
mySQL

### Legal

Copyright (c) 2016 **Epicodus**

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

worked on brand, shoe if statement issue

README.md, after:

######Shoe Stores

####Shoe Stores MySQL Database App, 3/4/2016

#### By Adam Ross Russell

## Description

This allows you to find stores and brands of shoes. You can add brands to stores, and add stores to brands.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Sign in to Github, search for adamrr724
* Find repository shoe_stores
* Fork and Zip/Clone repository
* Open the directory in the terminal
* Run a composer update
* Open the web folder, and starts the localhost:8000 application by typing "php -S localhost:8000"
* Open MYSQL Apache by starting MAMP, writing /Applications/MAMP/Library/bin/mysql --host=localhost -uroot -proot in the terminal, and then going to localhost:8888 in your browser.
* Go to the Import tab, choose the file for shoes.sql in the shoe_stores folder, and press go.
* Open browser and input localhost:8000
* Use the application

## Known Bugs

Adds message when it shouldnt in if statement on brand and shoe pages.


## Support and contact details

Please contact adamrr724@yahoo.com with any technical difficulties.

## Technologies Used

This webpage uses:

php
TWIG
Symphony
Composer
HTML
materialize
PHPUnit
Silex
mySQL

### Legal

Copyright (c) 2016 **Epicodus**

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
